You're wearing pants with a tag at the back
and a cap with the visor turned up,
parading yourself all around Toleto
just like a bully trying to show off!
You wanna be american,
american, americano,
listen here: who asked you to?
You want to be all trendy,
but when you drink "whisky & soda"
you can only end up sick!
You dance the rock & roll,
and play the baseball,
but where'd you get the cash?
for the Camel cigarettes?
Mummy's handbag!
>> You're acting all american,
american, americano,
but you're born in Italy,
listen here:
there's nothing you can do,
ok napoletano?!
You wanna be american,
>> You're acting all american,
american, americano,
#first solo#
[missing verse]
"How can your loved one understand?"
"if you're speaking half americano?"
"When you're out loving uder such a moon,"
"where do you get a phrase
like "AI LAVIU'"?
#second solo#
You're acting all american,
american, americano,
but you're born in Italy,
listen here:
there's nothing you can do,
ok napoletano?!
>> You're acting all american,
american, americano,
>> ...whisky, soda e rock & roll
>> You're acting all american,
american, americano,
>> ...whisky, soda e rock & roll
whisky, soda e rock & roll